hi I'm Blake and right now I want to
show you a very interesting martini
cocktail called the cantaloupe martini
I've got my martini glass chillin with
ice cubes and we'll begin with a
16-ounce mixing glass full of ice and
I'll pour my vodka we want an ounce and
a half of vodka that's a one
one-thousand two one-thousand three
one-thousand okay outs and a half of
vodka and we only want a half ounce of
watermelon schnapps okay just a little
bit okay there we go a half ounce of
watermelon schnapps and then we want
another ounce of fresh squeezed orange
juice will give this a shake and you'll
notice that it's very similar in color
to a cantaloupe and the flavor is dead
on it's very interesting there's no
cantaloupe in here but it's very
flavorful just like a cantaloupe now
before
and I'll garnish with the fresh wedge Oh
cantaloupe and will serve all right that
is the cantaloupe martini cheers
you